Remove zero size mesh (#659)
anatawa12/AvatarOptimizer: .docs/content/docs/reference/remove-zero-sized-polygon/index.md

---
title: Remove Zero Sized Polygon
weight: 100
---

# Remove Zero Sized Polygon

> Remove polygons with area of zero. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove polygons whose area are zero.
```

This component should be added to a GameObject which has a SkinnedMeshRenderer component.

{{< hint warning >}}

Since this component works very late in the build process, this component is **NOT** [Modifying Edit Skinned Mesh Component](../../component-kind/edit-skinned-mesh-components#modifying-component).

> Putting this component on the source SkinnedMeshRenderers of [Merge Skinned Mesh](../merge-skinned-mesh) has no effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding this component to the SkinnedMeshRenderers to be merged by [Merge Skinned Mesh](../merge-skinned-mesh) component has no effect.
```

{{< /hint >}}

## Benefits

> By removing polygons which has zero size, you can reduce rendering cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By removing polygons whose area are zero, you can reduce rendering cost.
```

> Polygons with zero size will have almost zero effect on the appearance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will have almost zero effect on the appearance.
```

## Settings

> Currently no settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Component doesn't have any configuration for now.
```

![component.png](component.png)

## Notes

> This component will be attached by [Trace and Optimize](../trace-and-optimize) component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component will be added by [Trace and Optimize](../trace-and-optimize) component.
```

> I recommend you to use Trace and Optimize instead of attaching this component manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I recommend you to use Trace and Optimize instead of adding this component manually.
```
